by Brownie McNeill.
Twas in the town of Jacksboro in the spring of 73. A man by the name of Crego can stepping up to me.
Saying, how do you do, young fellow? How would you like to go and spend one summer pleasantly on the range of the buffalo.
And me not having any job to Crego, I did say, this job of hunting buffalo depends upon the pay.
But if you pay good wages and transportation too, I think, sir, I will go with you on the range of the buffalo.
Yes, I will pay good wages and transportation too, provided you will go with me and stay the summer through.
But if you should be homesick, come back to Jacksboro.
I'll not pay transportation from the range of the buffalo.
It's now our outfit is complete, seven able-bodied men.
With navy sticks and needle gun, our troubles did begin.
While skinning the damned old sneakers, our lives they had no show.
For the Indians waited to pick us off on the hills of Mexico.
Now the season being near over, old Crego, he did say.
The crowd had been extravagant, was in debt to him that day.
We coaxed him and we begged him, but still it was no go.
So he left old Crego's bones to bleach on the range of the buffalo.
It's now we've crossed Peace River and homeward we are found.
No more in that hillside country will ever we be found.
Go home to our wives and sweethearts, tell others not to go.
For God's forsaken the buffalo range, and the damned old buffalo.